Forms docs updates (#349)
department-of-veterans-affairs/veteran-facing-services-tools: packages/documentation/src/pages/forms/common-patterns-for-building-forms.mdx

**Note:** Don't use the pass phrase as a secure login or other authentication mechanism. Within the source, the text of a pass phrase is clear text, even when it's in a function.

## Styling expanded or collapsed fields

If you need to indent or otherwise style fields that are expanded or collapsed with the `expandUnder` option, set a class on the controlling field. For example:

```js
// uiSchema
{
  field1: {
    'ui:title': 'This field expands/collapses other items',
    'ui:options': {
      expandUnderClassNames: 'schemaform-expandUnder-indent'
    }
  },
  field2: {
    'ui:title': 'This field is controlled by field1'
    'ui:options': {
      expandUnder: 'field1'
    }
  },
  field3: {
    'ui:title': 'This field is controlled by field1'
    'ui:options': {
      expandUnder: 'field1'
    }
  }
}
```

In this example, `schemaform-expandUnder-indent` is applied to the `div` that surrounds `field2` and `field3`, which indents the fields. For additional styling, create a new class and add your own styles.

> ## Creating a list loop

Reviewer: This seems like a long enough section to warrant its own page. We can link to it from here.

> There are times when you may need to allow the user to enter a list of items, such as a list of children or a list of spouses, and then allow them to enter detailed information about each list item on a subsequent page. This is often referred to as a `list loop`. The way this is achieved in our form system is with an `array` of form field objects. On the first page, the user enters each item in the list as the items in the `array` and then each subsequent page, where the user enters details about each list item, is then bound to the `array` in the code using a special JSON property.

Reviewer: > This is often referred to as a `list loop`.

Is this true? I've never heard this particular term in this context.

> There are times when you may need to allow the user to enter a list of items, such as a list of children or a list of spouses, and then allow them to enter detailed information about each list item on a subsequent page. This is often referred to as a `list loop`. The way this is achieved in our form system is with an `array` of form field objects. On the first page, the user enters each item in the list as the items in the `array` and then each subsequent page, where the user enters details about each list item, is then bound to the `array` in the code using a special JSON property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are times when you may need to allow the user to enter a list of items, such as a list of children or a list of spouses, and then allow them to enter detailed information about each list item on a subsequent page. This is often referred to as a `list loop`. The way this is achieved in our forms library is with an `array` of form field objects. On the first page, the user enters each item in the list as the items in the `array`. Each subsequent page, where the user enters details about each list item, is then bound to the `array` in the code using a special JSON property.
```

### Creating an Array of Items

> For example, you received a design that requires a Veteran to enter in each of their chilren and then on subsequent pages to enter in details about each respective child. You need to tell the form system that you are creating an array and then do that on the first page, where you ask the user to enter in each of their children. Add the child object, which is the collection of form fields that will capture all of the initial information on the first page (in your design this is probably name, birthday, and so on), to the form schema. In this code example, the child object is named `childrenToAdd`:

Reviewer: Has this been edited?
